Q: How many pennies could you put on the Golden Gate Bridge without any of them overlapping?

A:	Wow... this is going to be fun! First let's start with the most obvious strategy I can think of. Find out how long and how wide the bridge is to calculate a rough estimate of the surface area to place the pennies. A quick google search brings up a wiki entry stating the length as 8,981 ft. and the width coming in at 90 ft. Width X Length yields a rough estimate of the surface area to be 808,290 square feet. But we're talking pennies here, so lets convert that into inches. 12 inches in a foot... so 808,290 X 12 = 9,699,480 square inches. The next step would be to divide the surface area of the bridge by the surface area of a penny; but we need to take into account that the penny's won't pack against eachother perfectly due to their circular shape. Because of this, I will consider the surface area of a penny to be the area of the penny itself and the empty space inevitably formed between them. This will simply be a square area determined by the diameter of a penny. Another google search shows that a penny is measured to be 3/4 of an inch in width. 0.75 squared is 0.5625. After all this work, we're only one calulation away from getting our answer. The bridge's surface area of 9,699,480 in^2 divided by the surface area of a penny, 0.5625 in^2 shows that at the very most 17,243,520 pennies could be placed side by side on the Golden Gate Bridge.
	*Phew* That all made sense, didn't it? Generalizations and simple arithmatic are all well and good, but I enjoy investigating the details. Realistically, there are limitless variables to think of. Endless amounts of conditions to take into account. For instance, the first thing I think of is the support beams of the bridge. There must be numerous lips, indents, and landings in the metal framework that would allow for extra surface area for pennies to be laid upon. So far the only surfaces we've been considering are upward facing surfaces, yet the question does not state how the pennies may be placed on the bridge. This leads me to believe that sticking the pennies to vertical surfaces and even to the underside of the bridge is not out of the question. With the ability to place pennies on the underside of the bridge, this instantly doubles the amount of surface area to work with. Not to mention the area on all the walls of the large support beams. What about all the steel cables that hold up the bridge? All of those could be wrapped up in pennies as well. Its honestly mind boggling to try and guess what the real possible answer might be. I'll go out on a whim and say 1 Billion pennies... or 10 million dollars... great now I can't stop thinking in conversions.