Jack Murphy
27 Upper Lakeview Dr.
East Stroudsburg, PA 18302
Cell:(425)301-6380
E-Mail:ScholarStiky@Yahoo.com

	I was born and raised in Indianapolis, Indiana. Moved to Washington state at the age 
of 16. Ever since I first bore witness to my first video game, I knew it was a medium in which I could fully express myself. I've since taught myself all I know about game design. In my pursuits, I've learned a very diverse amount of skills. CG art creation, programming, pc repair, and photography to name a few. I recently pursued a more formal education of 
computers and acquired my CompTIA A+ certification this last Winter. I have researched, and 
received hands on experience in programming, but not to a full extent. I'm hoping to learn 
a lot from this program and fill out my skill set.
	My first experience with programming was with a program called, "Learn to Program 
Basic". This was in the 6th grade. My expectations where way too high, and when the pay off wasn't what I expected, I soon lost interest. Later, I joined a volunteer program at the Children's Museum of Indianapolis. There, I learned HTML and Photoshop. Some of my duties consisted of working on and maintaining the museum's web-site. This was a great program for me as it helped revive my interest in programming. I used this experience to jump into any web-design class I could in High school. With my increased finesse with the content creation side of game-design, my lack of programming knowledge grew more evident. I've only just recently begun to self-teach myself C++. I've been exposed to enough programming, that I feel if given the proper guidance, I could swiftly become fluent in any given computer language... excluding binary.
	I'm a quick learner, and very self-motivated. I love to write and flex my 
imaginative muscle. I feel I have a very strong sense of logic and am able to aptly pick up 
on the feelings of others. I never regret my decisions, despite the outcome. I'm always 
looking for ways to improve myself and my work. The happiness and well being of those I care 
about always take top priority. I feel there's fun to be had in everything you do. I try to 
surround myself with music whenever I can. Of course, there's only so much one can say on a 
resume. I'd say I'm just an overall cool guy. :)